feat(clp-package): Add log-ingestor config interface and Docker Compose orchestration. (#1741)
y-scope/clp: docs/src/dev-docs/design-deployment-orchestration.md

| webui                 | Web server for the UI                                           |
| mcp_server            | MCP server for AI agent to access CLP functionalities           |
| garbage_collector     | Process to manage data retention                                |

> | log_ingestor          | A background service for continuous log ingestion               |

Reviewer: how about
```suggestion
| log_ingestor          | Server for orchestrating streaming log ingestion from S3/SQS sources |
```

or
```suggestion
| log_ingestor          | Server for managing long-running log ingestion jobs from S3 and SQS |
```

Author: This is not precise: it's not just orchestrating or managing the jobs; the log-ingestor is also the runner of these jobs.

Author: How about:
```
Server for orchestrating and running continuous log ingestion jobs.
```
* This indicates it is also the runner of these jobs.
* I don't want to make it too specific to "from S3/SQS", as this server should be a general log ingestion server we use for log ingestion in the future.
